What about this dog?
Hand over the dragon heart grass
I could leave you whole
You can't kill me or you won't get Dragon Heart Grass
Threaten me
Valuable items like dragon heart grass
You will not hide anywhere else
Okay?
So I guess I was right.
Tianxuan Xiao Guo
Martial arts competition dragon heart grass is not afraid of fire
Burn this house down for me
Find Dragon Heart Grass and try it.
Xu Shao, forgive me
I would like to hand over the dragon heart grass
Mr. Xu, you have saved the Shen family from fire and water many times
This is the Supreme Azure Dragon Card of our Shen family.
Please also accept it with a smile.
With this card, you are a VIP of our Shen family.
All the properties and funds of our Shen family
Drop your money.
I have a heart, but that's not what I need
This is my little thought
I will be with Gao Qilan tomorrow.
Attend the opening ceremony of the new company
There will be many capable people meeting rooms
Maybe find out about windless afternoons
It seems that I will meet my ex-wife again tomorrow